Updates the **App Management** documentation to reflect recent changes (#542)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/app-management/build-deploy.md

| `src/commerce-configuration-1/.generated/actions/business-configuration/` | Runtime actions for config and scope management |
| `src/commerce-configuration-1/ext.config.yaml` | Extension manifest with `pre-app-build` hook |

### Version control

Commit the files above—including `app.commerce.config`, each `ext.config.yaml`, and everything under the `.generated` directories—to your Git repository so they are part of **source control** (the same copies your collaborators and CI/CD pipelines clone and build). Even though generators refresh `.generated` during build, those paths should live in the repo for a consistent, deployable project.

> Do not commit secrets. Keep `.env` and other sensitive material out of the repository; see [Password field encryption](./configuration-schema.md#password-field-encryption).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not commit secrets. Keep `.env` and other sensitive material out of the repository. [Password field encryption](./configuration-schema.md#password-field-encryption) provides additional guidance.
```
